https://play.aidungeon.io/


You are an archeologist from Royal Society of Sciences. You are in Giza studying the great pyramides and its surroundings. You accidentially hit the wall in front of you with your hammer. After a short rumble a hatch opens up under your feet and you slide down. When you hit the bottom, you turn on your light and see"

A large pyramid. It is made of solid stone and has no windows or doors. The only thing that can be seen inside it is a dark room filled with sand and dust.
You turn around and climb up. As soon as you reach the top, you hear a voice coming from above.

"Who goes there?
, it sounds in a thundering voice.

You are a ghost and you have possessed a dead body. You want to make sure that it will not harm the great pyramids or any other pyramids in the future.
as it is written, you will appear in front of the person that is responsible for opening the pyramid.

You are the chosen one."

You decide to open your choice.

"I am an archeologist.

> You say " I merely seek understanding"
"You may pass, the ancient wisdom that sleeps in my chamber shall soon awake."
It is written that you will find the remains of a royal tomb in the top of the pyramid.
But what you will find beneath, that is of more interest, for you, for the world. The underground of the pyramids are huge, their builders never thought that anyone would be crazy enough to dig underground in such places. But that is exactly what you have done. In the sand of the underground you have found writing in an ancient language.
Tunnels connecting temples far away are described in these writings. You can sense that they all lead to the same place...
You turn around, leaving the opening of the pyramid. A voice calls out to you...
"Are you leaving?"
"Don't forget the best" it calls. As you hear this you grab the tablet and the best, the hammer that brought you here. It is just now that you discover gooey plant residues that are smeared over the hammer. You look around and see the squisehd root of a plant in the ground. The name of the plant is ichorium and it is a common ingredient of all sorts of magical potions and solutions. This plant has just saved your life. But how?
Is it connected to the underground tunnels? And if so, how?
You look at the tablet and read the new message that has just appeared...

"I will have to clean this"
The goo starts to glow and disintegrates into a smoke of tiny flakes, which soon disappear. The pyramid starts to shake a bit and then you hear a new message...

"My new powers are developing. I will have to practice more. In the meantime, I hope you can help me once again."

> You say "I will help you, of course. How can I be of assistance?"
You hear a voice from above.

> You say "What is it?"
The voice comes again.
"Good, you are listening. Now I am going to give you a riddle to solve. See if you can solve it."
You think for a moment...

> You say "Okay, lets hear."
A beam of moonlight shines through a small crack in the stone ceiling and hits the face of a golden bust of an old man. The bust looks at you with a pair of shiny eyes.

> You say "Where does the journey go?"
The bust begins to speak.
"Up, up and away."
You give a start. The voice is very pleasant to your ear, but you are sure that you have heard it somewhere before.
A new message appears...
"I am the curse that comes with power. Heed my words and you may live on, ignore me at your own peril."
You decide to answer...
"What does the sun give rise to?"
"Rising action."
This one you know already.
"What is the answer to life, the universe and everything?"
"42."
The bust smirks at you.
A round iron passage appears behind the bust and opens slightly. The bust begins "Now here me, you must know where you want to go. Then you can enter the passage and travel to your destination. It is very easy to specify the goal, you just have to know where you have been. So, without further ado, here is the list of names."
The bust's face becomes serious again.
"
You see tables of hyroglyphs carved into the walls all around you. The bust continues "These are the names of the old places. They are connected"
You make out a couple of recognizable places: New York, the Great Pyramid...

> You say "NY and Giza are connected?"
"Yes, yes and yes."
The bust makes an eye signal.
"Don't forget to take note of the questions and answers."
Suddenly a voice calls to you from above.
"Hello, are you there?"

> You say "Yes"
"I am looking for the boy. He is not very big, but he has quite a big nose. He is with a dark haired, blue eyed boy. Do you know what I'm talking about?"

> You say "Yes indeed, I think you are talking about the famous Rumpelstilzchen, some call him Hahnengickerl."
"Good, good. So you know who I am."
The voice pauses for a moment.
"Well then, let us hope you know where my dear son is as well..."

> You say "Nope."
"Ah. Good to know at least some things still remain the same. But you will find out, just make sure you and the boy get to the bottom of this together..."
The bust smirks again.
"Don't worry. Now then, you must choose your path. I can take you down one of two ways."
You look at all the inscriptions and see that both ways lead to different places.

> You say "I chose this one."
"Then you choose the riddle with the golden door."
You look closely at the two passages and read the riddles on each of the walls.

> You say "Well, maybe I try the other one first?"
"As you wish. Good luck."
The way you choose splits off into three paths, you choose the middle one.
After a while you come to a water still. The water looks strange and you feel thirsty.

> You pull out your water bottle and drink normal water.
It tastes weird.
The way continues, you come to an opening and descend some stairs. You arrive at the bottom to see a Sphinx blocking the way.

> You climb on its neck and open a hatch you find there.
The Sphinx seems to be in a permanent state of surprise. You quickly climb on top of it and open the hatch you find there. You pull yourself through the hole and find yourself in an underground tunnel system.
Where do I go?
You continue down the tunnel for quite a while and see nothing but a black tunnel. You feel like you are walking through the tunnel in circles.

> You hold out your right hand and touch the wall while walking to not get lost.
You feel something there and realize it's a map of some kind.
The maps comes with instructions telling you how to use it so you can follow the correct route.
Gladly you continue your journey.
You walk for what seems to be an eternity until you come to a fork in the path.
A sign is posted showing a picture of a goat, a satyr and a little fairy.

> You follow the path of the little fairy.
You continue along the tunnel and after a while you come across a small fairy.
"Do you want to see my mushroom house?" the fairy asks.

> You agree.
The fairy leads you to a nearby cave and shows you her home. It's nothing special, but at least it's a roof over their heads. The fairy herself is very friendly.
"I'm called Doris."

> You say "I am Martn, glad to meet you. What are you doing here?"
"I'm a ferryman, that's why I take people across the river Styx."
The fairy is clearly happier talking to you. You think she must be quite lonely with nobody to talk to.
"It's very dangerous to travel across the river Styx, are you sure you want to travel there?

> You ask for advice.
"Well, never crossed myself, but I've heard it's very dangerous. There's a lot of manticores and stuff out there."
"Manticores? Isn't that like a big rat with a lion's mane?"
"Yeah, but bigger. They are huge and they attack without warning. Better you stay here with me.

> You marry the ferry and stay with her forever near the river.
You marry the fairy Doris and settle down beside the river Styx. You know it's only a matter of time before something tries to attack you so you build a house made of sturdy wood and steel. Then, you wait.
In time, many years pass and you have a family. You grow old with your wife and you die peacefully in your sleep.
